[Autogenerated] Well, let's get started.
So I'm in the AWS console and I want to navigate to CloudFormation.
This brings us to the CloudFormation screen,
and you can see it loads the stacks that we currently have for this region.
Now on the left we can see, we have stacks.
We have stack sets which,
provided by AWS extend the functionality of our stacks by enabling us to create,
update or delete them across multiple accounts and
regions with a single operation.
So this ties back to that infrastructure is code
deployment scenario that we discussed earlier.
You would use a single template to deploy across multiple regions and accounts,
and you can control it from one central account.
And then we see we have exports and exports are simply values that we
have had output that we can references with other stacks so we can
import our exports and use them where necessary.
Now we'll cut off there for now.
We'll talk about the rest later on,
and let's just go ahead and let's create a stack.
You'll see.
The first thing we do is we have to prepare our template so we can choose.
Template is ready.
We can use a sample template provided to us by A W S.
Or we can create one in the designer.
Now we'll talk about designer a little bit later on.
But for this video, let's just use that the template is ready now.
Once we do that, you see,
we have to specify where our template is sourced and we can do
this by storing it in an Amazon S3 bucket.
Or we can upload one from our local machines.
For this demo, I'm going to upload a local one.
So I've chosen my file are create E C two with security group dot
template and let's just go ahead and click on next.
And now we specify our stack details, so we give it a name,
and in the gray underneath this text box,
you can see we have some restrictions that we have to follow.
So let me give my stack of name and it brings us to parameters.
Now, parameters are exactly what they sound like.
They allow us to input custom values when we're creating or updating our stacks.
So the four parameters that I have in this template
are are easy to instantiate type,
and you can see it's a drop-down with several different
instance types located within it.
Now,
these error defined as constraint types and we'll discuss these when
we dissect the template file in the next clip.
We then have key name So the name of our easy to keep pair that we want to use
and this has to be in existing keep error in your account.
So that's another constraint.
We point to the latest am I IDE provided to us by a W s And what
this is pointing to is an s s m parameter,
which we looked at earlier That's open to the public for us to use.
And this resides within a W s itself.
And the last thing we see is our SSH location.
So we're going to specify a cider range that we want to SSH From now,
you always want to lock this down as much as possible,
which is following a best practice for AWS of least privilege.
But for this clip, we'll leave it open just so I can SSH easily.
So I'll click on next we can specify tags.
So what this does?
Is it tags?
Each of our resource is that get created.
So maybe I want to say the environment is Dev For this particular stack,
we have our permissions.
So we can decide what role we want CloudFormation to assume.
To create these resource is if we desire now, you'll see it's optional.
And if you don't choose one,
CloudFormation simply uses your own permissions based on your credentials,
so we'll leave this blank.
We have advanced options, so let's take a look at these.
We have a stack policy in stack policies.
Essentially allow us to define a protected resource within her stack.
You can select none we can Enter one in here and you could see
it needs to be JSON formatted or we can.
Upload a file like before, similar to our template.
I'll choose.
None will look at the next part, which is rollback configuration,
and this is where we can specify an amount of time,
as well as an alarm that we want to use if anything goes awry.
So if our deployment takes longer than expected, we can trigger an alarm.
Third, we have notification options,
so we can send an SMS message to a topic based on events
that happen within CloudFormation,
and I'll show you what this means here in the upcoming clips and then,
lastly, we have stack creation options.
We can roll back on failure.
So if any resource fails to create we can,
roll back the entire stack so we don't have a partial deployment,
so we'll leave.
That enabled we can set a time out.
So if this is the point for, let's say, 15 minutes,
let's go ahead and time out and cancel the stack creation.
And then finally, we have termination protection,
and this does what it sounds like.
It prevents the stack from being accidentally deleted.
We'll leave this disabled.
I'll click on next, and now we get a review.
We see the template URL were using.
We have the stack description we can estimate a cost if we wanted to.
We see our stack details,
which are specifically our parameters that we specified.
We have our stack options, so I'm configuring a tag of environment equal to Dev.
We're not specifying any.
I am Rolls Nora stack policy.
We left rollback config the same and notification options.
We enabled our roll back and then we also specified a time out.
So let's go ahead and create this stack.
And what's happening right now is we see we have our
stack here on the Left web server,
and we're on the events tab within CloudFormation.
Now, when things get created or fail,
it logs or tracks are changes in this events tab so we can see our first
event is it's a user initiated creation in progress.
And then, as resource is, get created,
they'll appear in this Event-Hubs like so you can see,
we started creating an instance, sync your itty group that completed.
And then we created Easy to instance, and then that completed.
So you can see now are stack info is set to create complete so we can now view.
Our resource is, and we have two of them.
We can look at the parameters we specified and we can look at.
The outputs is well, now the outputs are exactly what they sound like.
They're output ID values from our template creation.
So what I want to do is locate this instance in my ec2 console,
and let's just verify that the security group is attached
and created and the tags populated, so let's go to easy to.
We have one running instance, and that is the same resource.
You can see the instance.
IDE is the same.
It's a T three small, which we specified.
It's got our Web server Instance Security group,
which was created by our template and you can see it
allows the SSH rule that we define.
And if we look at tags we can see, we have our environment of Dev.
So this exists for both the E C two as well as the instantiation group.
You'll also notice that CloudFormation actually puts its own
tags on Resource Is that belonged to a stack.
You can see it's got to logical IDE.
We has our stack IDE, which is the stack we just deployed,
and it lists what stack name this resource belongs to.
So now that we have seen and verified are re sources are created correctly,
Let's go ahead.
We'll pause here and in the next clip,
we'll go ahead and run an update of this stack. So we can view how those work